everyone is Liam familiar figures to pet
at UK and today I'm going to show you a
Star Trek Tribble these are made by
Diamond Select toys and they're pretty
cool
they great if you're a Star Trek fan and
you liked the episodes featuring them so
the first one was the trouble with
tribbles back in 1967 and the original
series with Kirk in it and of course the
ship filled with loads of these so it's
a good replica looks just like a triple
now you think well it triples not really
hard to make it's a ball of fluff but
these are quite cooks they've got sound
effects as well so inside is a little
battery-operated I don't know what you
call it a box of electronics and you've
got two modes
you've got angry mode there's things
about forget this and of course it
vibrates as well so that's quite fun and
happy married as well now these are
great if you've got a Star Trek fan even
like those episode my mother-in-law
thought this was brilliant she got very
excited when she saw him so might get a
wonderful Christmas price wise they
retail around about 25 pounds less
including delivery on our site movie
theater stuff hello UK so if you want
one we've got them they come in three
different colors this is the beige one I
think it's grey and I think it's a brown
as well so you can build your house with
them if you really want to make it look
like triple heaven paradise but they are
quite cute quite fun and they just come
in a polythene bag over there so that is
a Star Trek triple from diamonds link
toys hope you enjoyed that please
subscribe to this side we've got all
sorts of replicas and different things
on the site action figures statues that
sorts of stuff so yeah do subscribe to
the channel that would be great and any
comments to let us know thanks for
watching